# Griefers.
## Please Dont do it
Griefing is a direct violation of rules (section 1 rule 3 subrule 1) and is now a tracable and bannable offense.

The shared house at spawn is now half a house due to the tireless efforts of rule breakers. This will be tolerated no further. With the installation of a new tracking mod, every block break, every block place, every entity killed at every location can be traced back to the exact timestamp down to the second and the user. We are a tight-knit community where everyone pretty much knows everyone. 

We are dissapointed at this occurence. Perhaps it was not clear that greifing is against the rules. 

Do note that the rules clearly state "Players are responsible for staying updated on current rules. Ignorance of rules is not an excuse for violations". This one time I am telling the person who build NSFW at spawn to remove it, the person who built ugly dirt towers and left them to remove it, the person who broke half the house at spawn to fix it, the person who filled said house with end stone to remove it. I know exactly who did each of these things, but give a change to make ammends. 

Today choosing to be generous. Perhaps we didn't set a good standard, now everyone, including staffs and people of all ranks must adhere to this standard. If the above does not apply to you, I still encourage you to help undo what others destroyed and greifed. 

In hopes of a more orderly future,
The azox staff.

P.S. Building traps and secret bases do not count as greifing. 
